2013sep27:
    Windows Port Summary

    The goal of this TODO is to port the RevAssign program to windows.
    There will likely be no need to write any additional code (perhaps a few
    windows specific tweaks if any).  The main target is to create a "python
    bundle" that can be easily copied-to and run-on windows machines.  -This
    way, users won't have to go through the trouble of installing their own
    python distribution in order to run the program.

    Step #1: Install Libraries
        RevAssign requires python (2.7) and a few third party python libraries:
            PyQt4
            sip (required by PyQt4)
            xlrd (for reading .xls files)
            xlwt (for writing .xls files)
            
        For OSX these are installed using MacPorts.  For Ubuntu Linux they can
        be installed using apt-get.  For windows, these might be part of a
        pre-compiled package, however, no effort has been put towards finding
        this.

        The main python script for this program is the RevAssign.py file.  To
        launch RevAssign with an installed python just type the following at a
        command/ terminal window (assuming python is in your PATH):
            $ python ./RevAssign.py

    Step #2: Compile C-Module (not strictly necessary)

        To speed up sorting (particularly for slow machines) there is an
        included c-module called 'decutil'.  Before launching, if decutil has
        been compiled (using the build.sh script) RevAssign will automatically
        detect it and use it for sorting (instead of a pure python sort which
        is default).  -this will require a c-compiler.

    Step #3: Bundle

        For OSX I've used Py2App and PyInstaller, and for Linux, PyInstaller.
        I think the top windows bundlers are Py2Exe and cx_Freeze -but I have
        no experience with these.

2012jan05:
    1) add shortcut keys for moving category up or down
    2) create new dialog for allowing user to make sorting priorities
            -create dynamic sorting function
            -color top candidates (not sure of metric) in green
    3) better help dialog
        -spilt 'help' and 'input format'
    4) save column order in session
